What's that screaming? A good many dramatic situations begin with screaming... 
You are so good you made the Mathmos vomit! 
I've got a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!
It's alive!
You've got to ask yourself one question: 'Do I feel lucky?' Well, do ya, punk?
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas, I don't know.
Well, here's another fine mess you've gotten me into!
Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room!
Get your stinking paws off me, you damned dirty ape.
Heeeeeeeeeeeeere's Johnny!
Soylent Green is people!
Carpe diem. Seize the day. Make your lives extraordinary.
Hello, handsome, is that a ten-gallon hat or are you just enjoying the show? 
A wed wose. How womantic. 
I must have killed more men than Cecil B. DeMille. 
Badges? We don't need no steenkin' badges. 
Shut up, I'm having a rhetorical conversation. 
Hitler... there was a painter! He could paint an entire apartment in ONE afternoon! TWO coats! 
Oh, I'm sorry, did I break your concentration? 
If my answers frighten you then you should cease asking scary questions. 
It's only a movie, Mr. Paley. I'll bring you some popcorn. 
Gee, I wish we had one of them doomsday machines. 
I feel like I've been in a coma for the past twenty years. And I'm just now waking up. 
It's funny how the colors of the real world only seem really real when you viddy them on the screen.
Now watch closely, everyone. I'm going to show you how to kill a god. A god of life and death. The trick is not to fear him.
I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty headed animal food trough wiper. I fart in your general direction. Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries. 
You don't frighten us, English pig dogs. Go and boil your bottoms, you sons of a silly person. I blow my nose at you, so-called "Arthur King," you and all your silly English K-nig-hts. 
Go and boil your bottoms, you sons of silly persons! 
Come and see the violence inherent in the system. Help! Help! I'm being repressed! 
All right, but apart from the sanitation, medicine, education, wine, public order, irrigation, roads, the fresh water system and public health, what have the Romans ever done for us? 
He's not the Messiah. He's a very naughty boy! 
Blessed are the cheesemakers.
Stwike him, Centuwion. Stwike him vewy wuffly! 
Cheer up, Brian. You know what they say: some things in life are bad. They can really make you mad. Other things just make you swear and curse. When you're chewing on life's gristle, don't grumble; give a whistle, and this'll help things turn out for the best. And... always look on the bright side of life... 
What Jesus fails to appreciate is that it's the meek who are the problem. 
He has a wife, you know. Do you know what she's called? She's called... Incontinentia. Incontinentia Buttocks. 
Life? Don't talk to me about life! 
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime, doubly so.
Here I am, brain the size of a planet, and they ask me to take you to the bridge. Call that job satisfaction, 'cause I don't. 
I got a good mind to join a club and beat you over the head with it. 
Hey, did you lose weight, or a limb? 
Kids these days. They just don't get scared like they used to. 
Sure, we put the company in the toilet, and, gee, hundreds of people will be out of work now, not to mention the angry mob that'll come after us when there's no more power... but hey, at least we had a few laughs, right?
